way welcome to Viking preparedness I am
pastor joe fox and today i'm at a kennel
in the Ozarks with the perfect
survivalist dog this right here is a
Rhodesian Ridgeback and these dogs were
bred by the Boers in South Africa to be
a hunting dog I would hunt lions with a
pack of them they were bred today around
the farm style and the men went out and
right now my good friend and brother
Gary as a whole passel of puppies now
these puppies normally sell for what are
they selling for now and I got mine
years ago it was less you go to puppy
fine calm you're gonna start about any
turn right and go up to about 2,000 and
so these puppies all have awesome ridges
or beautiful puppies the moms are right
around the corner I just can't get there
and keep the film going the way i'd like
to there's there's two females one had
these puppies right now but they're
beautiful puppies look good just look at
these ridges can you come over here so
they can come over come here pups sister
Kate and I have already picked out one
you can get these puppies from brother
Jerry at this email address john h at
moscow mail.com brother Jerry what are
you selling these puppies for well I
think four hundred dollars is a fair
park haha big four hundred dollars is a
steel travel attentively to get these
and they eat a lot of look at these
puppies if you read what is that book
Patriots is it that book Patriots buy
used to be double at and then the gay
nineties yeah James Wesley Rawls he
talks about this dog just look this dog
up this is the perfect survivalist dog
and hey you cannot get these dogs for
this price anywhere so they're for sale
now they're going to go fast
you're going to have to put a deposit
down to claim your puppy and here they
are rhodesian ridgeback pups four
hundred dollars i can't believe that
alright i hope i see you out there see
ya